`AppFooter`: documentation (HDS-2502) (#1673)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/app-footer/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

## Usage

### When to use

- On every screen of an application where universal links or content are required.

## Order of content

> While the code allows flexibility in the ordering of links and content, we recommend the following structure for a consistent visual appearance across applications: 

Author: @andgen404 Do you want to take a look at this one?

> - Status link

Author: @andgen404 ?

> - Status link

Reviewer: Hm, but for the (extra) links, items, and Copyright, they would be written like:
- StatusLink
- LegalLink
- Links
- Items
- Copyright

> - Status link

Reviewer 2: I think you can probably leave the other items as they are (since they're a bit more generic). The StatusLink, and LegalLinks are essentially named items that we're introducing so using consistent language for them might be beneficial.

> - Status link

Reviewer: Okay, I see. I'll make those changes 👍

> - Status link
> - Legal links
> - Additional links
> - Plain text items (or metadata, such as version numbers)
> - Copyright

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- StatusLink
- LegalLinks
- Additional links
- Plain text items (or metadata, such as version numbers)
- Copyright
```

![Example of the AppFooter with plain text list items](/assets/components/app-footer/app-footer-items.png)

## Extra content blocks

Extra content blocks are available before the list of links and before the copyright.

![Example of where additional content can go in the AppFooter](/assets/components/app-footer/app-footer-extra-content.png)

!!! Do

The extra content block can be used to add quick interactions that change the whole application, e.g., a theme switcher.

![Example of what additional content can go in the AppFooter](/assets/components/app-footer/app-footer-extra-content-do.png)
!!!

!!! Dont

Avoid adding information that's critical to the user's journey in the AppFooter. 

![Example of what additional content should not go in the AppFooter](/assets/components/app-footer/app-footer-extra-content-dont.png)
!!!

## Themes

The AppFooter supports both `Light` and `Dark` theme options. The dark theme can be used when there is a need for a footer on a dark background, e.g., a loading screen, but it should be used sparingly. 

![Example of the AppFooter in a dark theme](/assets/components/app-footer/app-footer-dark.png)

## Responsiveness

> In Figma, we support two size variants `Large` and `Small`, to help illustrate how the component will respond to changing viewport sizes. In code, the component is responsive. 

Reviewer 2: [Suggestion]
```suggestion
In Figma, we support two size variants, `Large` and `Small`, to help illustrate how the component will respond to different viewport sizes. In code, the component is responsive. 
```

!!! Warning 

> Due to structural wrapping limitations in Figma, the component may not be a direct translation to what is in the browser. The Ember component should be the source of truth for proper wrapping.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to limitations in Figma, the component may not be a direct translation to what occurs in the browser. The Ember component should be the source of truth for proper wrapping.
```

Author: "Occurs" still sounds a little strange to me. Let me think about this one... @andgen404 what do you think?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, maybe "may not be a direct translation to what is rendered in the browser"?

Author: I like that better. Do you want to edit your suggested change? @jorytindall

!!!

### Large

> All elements are displayed in a single row, depending on the amount of links and additional content added to the AppFooter. As the screen size is reduced, the content will wrap. 

Reviewer 2: The following points here seem to contradict that all elements are in a single row. Maybe try something like this:

"The `Large` size accounts for most larger viewport sizes and, depending on the number of links and additional content, will display elements in a single row or wrap as the viewport size is reduced."

Author: @andgen404 ?

> All elements are displayed in a single row, depending on the amount of links and additional content added to the AppFooter. As the screen size is reduced, the content will wrap. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Large` size accounts for most larger viewport sizes and, depending on the number of links and additional content, will display elements in a single row or wrap as the viewport size is reduced.
```

_Please note, this screenshot is reduced in size to fit within the content container of the website._

![Example of the AppFooter at a large screen size](/assets/components/app-footer/app-footer-large.png)

> ### Small

Reviewer 2: Does there need to be any information about the `Small` size and how it differs from the large size?

Author: @andgen404
